[Music]
hey y'all it's Luke here and we're here
recording the fourth Spring Break album
so the cameras gonna be here all day
watching it all go down city got the
best
[Music]
it's all Sun Tan City and it's like
sitting pretty in Sun Tan City got the
best view in the world it talks about a
guy kind of staking his claim where he's
going to party out on the beach and and
I wrote it with the peach Pickers Dallas
Davidson been Haislip and red Aikens and
they come in with a title and we wrote
it and it was certainly worthy of being
on the on the album
it was last night at the holiday and
there was our spring breakup which is
pretty self-explanatory it's about a guy
you know and a girl having a spring
break up I mean I think the bridge is
kind of like kind of funny bye-bye to
the night that we shared the memory I
mean it's really broke down we've got a
new song or a new approach
we've actually got a love song on this
one it's called shake the sand from the
sheets
[Music]
slide the door on over
we wrote a kind of a love song talking
about that subject matter and it's
pretty cool so the fact that the first
time we've ever had like a love song
going on on the spring break album the
last song it's kind of not really a
spring break song but just a fun song
it's called a little bit later on
on the bridge a little bit a little bit
a little bit later on broke down come on
now a little bit a little bit a little
bit later on
it's something kind of new and fun that
we always like to try out on spring
break out you know out and the country
don't make no players throw it at that
see where it lands
Rob get out of mine I roll back home
a little bit later on
[Music]